[LWM] feat(mobile): add earn info bottom sheet for PTX flow (#15379)
LedgerHQ/ledger-live: .changeset/earn-info-bottom-sheet-live-27276.md

---
"live-mobile": minor
---

> Add EarnInfoBottomSheet for Earn PTX flow and custom.openEarnInfoBottomSheet handler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add EarnInfoBottomSheet for Earn PTX flow and custom.bottomsheet.info handler
```
